system-view

vlan batch 101 to 148
vlan batch 201 to 204
vlan batch 301 to 302
commit

interface GE 1/0/1
port link-type access
port default vlan 101
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/2
port link-type access
port default vlan 102
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/3
port link-type access
port default vlan 103
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/4
port link-type access
port default vlan 104
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/5
port link-type access
port default vlan 105
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/6
port link-type access
port default vlan 106
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/7
port link-type access
port default vlan 107
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/8
port link-type access
port default vlan 108
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/9
port link-type access
port default vlan 109
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/10
port link-type access
port default vlan 110
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/11
port link-type access
port default vlan 111
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/12
port link-type access
port default vlan 112
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/13
port link-type access
port default vlan 113
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/14
port link-type access
port default vlan 114
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/15
port link-type access
port default vlan 115
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/16
port link-type access
port default vlan 116
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/17
port link-type access
port default vlan 117
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/18
port link-type access
port default vlan 118
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/19
port link-type access
port default vlan 119
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/20
port link-type access
port default vlan 120
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/21
port link-type access
port default vlan 121
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/22
port link-type access
port default vlan 122
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/23
port link-type access
port default vlan 123
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/24
port link-type access
port default vlan 124
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/25
port link-type access
port default vlan 125
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/26
port link-type access
port default vlan 126
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/27
port link-type access
port default vlan 127
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/28
port link-type access
port default vlan 128
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/29
port link-type access
port default vlan 129
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/30
port link-type access
port default vlan 130
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/31
port link-type access
port default vlan 131
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/32
port link-type access
port default vlan 132
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/33
port link-type access
port default vlan 133
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/34
port link-type access
port default vlan 134
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/35
port link-type access
port default vlan 135
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/36
port link-type access
port default vlan 136
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/37
port link-type access
port default vlan 137
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/38
port link-type access
port default vlan 138
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/39
port link-type access
port default vlan 139
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/40
port link-type access
port default vlan 140
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/41
port link-type access
port default vlan 141
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/42
port link-type access
port default vlan 142
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/43
port link-type access
port default vlan 143
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/44
port link-type access
port default vlan 144
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/45
port link-type access
port default vlan 145
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/46
port link-type access
port default vlan 146
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/47
port link-type access
port default vlan 147
commit
quit

interface GE 1/0/48
port link-type access
port default vlan 148
commit
quit

interface 10GE 1/0/1
port link-type trunk
port trunk allow-pass vlan 101 to 148
port trunk pvid vlan 201
commit
quit

interface 10GE 1/0/2
port link-type trunk
port trunk allow-pass vlan 101 to 148
port trunk pvid vlan 202
commit
quit

interface 10GE 1/0/3
port link-type trunk
port trunk allow-pass vlan 101 to 148
port trunk pvid vlan 203
commit
quit

interface 10GE 1/0/4
port link-type trunk
port trunk allow-pass vlan 101 to 148
port trunk pvid vlan 204
commit
quit

interface 40GE 1/0/1
port link-type trunk
port trunk allow-pass vlan 101 to 148
port trunk pvid vlan 301
commit
quit

interface 40GE 1/0/2
port link-type trunk
port trunk allow-pass vlan 101 to 148
port trunk pvid vlan 302
commit
quit

display vlan











































































































































































































quit

save
y


